[static buzzing lightly]
[notification chimes]
What's up. faggots? [inhales]
I just got a pumpin'. Pumpin'--
Something you faggots
never do. [exhales]
I worked up a fuckin' sweat.
[inhales]
Mm. Now. I need
one of you pay pigs
to come rinse me off.
You'd love that. wouldn't you?
Okay. on the count of three.
I want you
to take a big fuckin' hit
of poppers.
Now get those poppers ready.
[inhales sharply]
-One. two. three.
-[tokens clinking]
Sniff that shit. [chuckles]
I know you fuckers want
to see what's under this
fucking tighty-whiteys.
[inhales sharply]
-Just don't know
if you fags deserve that.
-[tokens clinking]
I don't know.
Do you wanna. wanna see my cock?
[inhales sharply]
And those big fuckin' balls?
I want you to imagine that
I just get back from the gym.
and you're waiting there
with your mouth open...
[moans] just ready to clean
my sweaty fuckin' balls.
Mm. [inhales sharply]
You want more?
You fuckers want more?
Look. I know you do.
Here. grab those poppers.
put them up through
your fuckin' nose
-and sniff.
-[tokens clinking]
-[chuckles. inhales sharply]
-[notification chimes]
-[tokens clinking]
-[moans]
[exhales] You like this ass?
This... [inhales sharply]
...this white fucking ass.
[chuckles]
I know you faggots
wanna touch this.
-put your face all up in it.
-[tokens clinking]
You smell that?
That's a real man's fuckin' ass.
[inhales sharply] But...
...I don't let no one
touch this ass for fuckin' free.
You wanna lick this ass?
You better run me
some motherfuckin' money.
I want
you pathetic-ass fuckin' faggots
to tap that fuckin' tip jar.
and maybe.
maybe I'll whip out
my fuckin' cock for you.
[breathes heavily]
Matter of fact. matter of fact.
I want you to wire me
all your fuckin' money.
and maybe.
maybe I'll show up at your house
and I'll shove this fuckin' cock
in your fuckin' mouth.
-[tokens clinking]
-[inhales sharply]
[moans]
Mm. [sucks teeth]
Oh. tonight.
I got this fuckin' faggot
-spending 50 fuckin' grand
on me.
-[chair creaks]
[continues on video]
And for 50 fuckin' grand...
[exhales heavily]
-...you faggots get a lot.
-[tokens clinking]
-[laptop lid thuds softly]
-[clinking stops]
["When Love is Young"
by The Free Design playing]
-[clatters]
-♪ When love is young ♪
-[static crackling]
-♪ As fresh as dew ♪
♪ A song is sung ♪
♪ So warm and new ♪
♪ It winds its way ♪
♪ Bursts into blue ♪
♪ An April day ♪
♪ Turned into June ♪
-♪ Summer is born ♪
-[clatters]
♪ I walk the fields ♪
♪ There's warmth above ♪
♪ The thought it yields ♪
-♪ Is of my love ♪
-[clatters]
♪ A lazy stream ♪
♪ Its solitude ♪
♪ A summer dream ♪
♪ A quiet mood ♪
♪ Plays on my mind ♪
-♪ The sum-- ♪
-[song stops abruptly]
-[crackles]
-[knock on door]
[knock on door]
[exhales]
[lock clicks]
-[door squeaks]
-[Aaron exhales]
[insects chirping]
[dogs barking in distance]
This 26 Fairpark?
[siren wailing in distance]
[door squeaks. shuts]
You renting this place?
-Not gonna talk?
-No. I... [chuckles nervously]
...I can talk.
[sighs] There's 25K in there.
You get the rest
when we're finished.
When's "finished"?
In the morning.
All right.
[groans softly. exhales]
What now?
Oh. I. I gotta. I gotta
set this. I'll just...
Just have a. have a seat.
Just get comfortable.
[camera whirs. beeps]
[exhales heavily]
Is this what you want?
Just whatever
makes you comfortable.
-[sucks lip]
-All right. uh...
...I just want you to start
by telling me about yourself.
My name's Aaron Eagle.
I'm from Miami.
I like to let
these faggots worship me
and collect their fuckin' money.
-That's why you're here.
-Exactly.
Tell me more
about growing up in Miami.
Growing up in Miami
was fucking unbelievable.
When did you move to LA?
I moved here after high school.
Right after high school?
That's what I said.
What did you do?
Shit. man. you got me.
Got into the scene.
you know. Tried everything.
You name it. I fucked with it.
[chuckles]
I'm California sober now.
I'm sorry. "California sober"?
Yeah. it's like I drink
and I smoke.
but I don't do anything else.
[chuckles] That's sober?
[sucks lip] A lot more sober
than a lot of other people.
I guess you're right.
And if you wouldn't mind
removing your pants.
[Aaron sighs]
I get the feeling you like
having your clothes off.
-Is that true?
-[snickers] Yeah. for sure.
If you look like me.
you'd wanna be naked
all the time too.
Mm. yeah. maybe. [chuckles]
Come on... [chuckles]
everybody likes to be looked at.
Is that why you got
a tattoo on your face?
-What. this?
-[camera clicking]
[man]
Yeah. "Diablo."
Can you talk about that?
-What about it?
-Why'd you get it?
That's what they call me.
-Who calls you that?
-Friends.
-Who are these friends?
Can you be more specific?
-No more questions about that.
Hey.
I gave you every penny I have.
That's the deal.
Shit. I'm not talking
about this. [sighs]
-[sighs]
This. this isn't working.
-[camera beeps]
-This isn't gonna work.
-Hey. hey. wait a minute.
-You're not being honest
with me.
-I am.
[sighs] This wasn't a good idea.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
I'm sorry. Just keep the 25K.
Man. what do you want?
You want me to suck you off?
-Is that what you want?
-I only want you to be honest.
-I'm being fucking honest.
-No. you're not.
-Man. you don't know shit.
-You didn't grow up in Miami.
-I don't think
you've ever been to Miami.
-What the fuck do you know. man?
You don't know shit about me.
[breathes heavily]
[man]
Please.
Not on camera.
[sighs]
I won't show it to anybody.
I can't trust you.
My name's Hank.
I'm a trustworthy guy.
I promise. I swear on my life.
I'll buy us a pizza later.
Roll your camera.
I'll talk.
but not about the tattoo.
-Okay?
-Okay.
[camera beeps]
[Aaron sighing]
What do you wanna know?
[Hank]
Um. tell me
about where you grew up.
I grew up in Maine.
Northern Maine.
There's nothing up there.
Do you have any memories of it?
No. Not many.
-Why not?
-[chuckles] I don't know.
Tell me about when you were 12.
Did you have friends then?
[sighs] I liked being by myself.
-What did you like to do?
-I don't know. watch cartoons.
[chuckles]
I read a lot. I guess.
-Ah. What did you like to read?
-[sucks teeth]
-I don't know. a bunch of shit.
-Come on.
Any books you remember?
I don't know. Uh...
The Handmaid's Tale was good.
I guess.
[breathes heavily]
I love that book. [chuckles]
Uh...
Tell me about
your first sexual experience.
That's a hard one.
Why?
'Cause it was...
I don't know. I just don't
like to think about...
There's nothing wrong with that.
A lot of people could say that.
But it really fucked me up.
Less people could say that.
I see.
Can you describe it.
that experience. to me?
[Aaron scoffs]
This is pervert shit. dude.
Just don't push me on that.
-Was it with a guy?
-I said don't fuckin' push it.
Okay. Okay.
We can talk about that later.
Do you want a drink?
I. I went out and bought
some beers.
I didn't. I didn't know
what you liked.
[snickers]
Uh. yeah. I'll take a beer.
[bottles clink]
[bottle cap hisses]
I hope this is okay.
When did you become Aaron Eagle?
You wanna hear
the pervy fucking story
about how I became Aaron Eagle?
-[vape crackling softly]
-I know you do. [exhales]
So I'm working as a dancer
at this spot in West Hollywood.
It's right in Santa Monica.
I'm sure you've heard
of the place.
-And on a Saturday night.
it's fucked around there.
-I can imagine.
But this was a Tuesday.
The place is pretty empty.
I'm dancing there in my jock
for no one. So I'm just dancing.
There's a couple of people
walking around.
just having drinks or whatever.
I've only got
a couple minutes left up there.
and these two guys come in.
And they come right up to me
and they put a dollar bill
right down the front
of my jock. and they left.
Anyway. sun goes down.
I'm off my shift.
I walk outside
and I'm waiting for my ride.
[clicks tongue]
I notice those motherfuckers
just sharing a cigarette.
fucking staring at me.
And they hold out the cigarette.
so I walk over and I take it.
And then they ask me if I want
to come back to their place.
smoke or whatever.
[slow suspenseful music]
So. I'm in the back seat
of their car
while we drive back
to their apartment...
[inhales] and we walk in
and it's this fucking
nice. big apartment.
We go to the bedroom.
and there's
this fucking California
king bed or some shit.
and these two guys sit on it.
I can't remember their names.
but one of them was Asian
and one of them was white.
They pull out their bong
and. you know.
we smoke that shit.
And I remember
there was a TV on...
...set to. like. a background
or some shit.
You know. like it was asleep?
[chuckles softly]
And it was just these...
...these different landscapes
slowly moving. and...
...I'm sitting there.
high as fuck. just watching
these mountains
and woods and shit. [sniffs]
Man. I was
so fucking smacked that...
...I didn't realize
he'd started. like...
...feeling me...
...putting their hands on me
kind of shit.
And they start kissing
my neck. and...
...and their hands
are down the front of my pants.
and. you know.
I'm. I'm kissing them back.
Then I get
the fucking Asian one.
You know. real hot.
muscled up kind of shit.
But the white one. he's just...
...he's just watching.
Like. he's not hard or anything.
He's just...
...he's just watching.
And the chink goes.
"He wants you to fuck him...
...but he wants it
a little different."
See. he said...
..."He wants you to rape him."
You know. I never heard shit
like that before
because if it's...
If he wants it.
it's not rape. right?
But it was this fucker's fantasy
to be humiliated.
So the white guy. he takes.
like. six fucking shots
and he is pretty fucked up.
Then he starts...
sucking my dick.
And then he asks me
to hit him...
...and I do.
And this guy. he keeps asking me
to hit him harder.
And the harder I hit him.
the better it fucking feels.
So I am smacking the shit
out of this fucking guy.
And then I pull him down.
and he's eating my ass.
and I look back at the TV.
right?
You know.
with the. with the backgrounds.
and this fuckin' eagle
just flies by.
right past the camera.
by the mountain.
and in that moment.
I pull him up from my ass
and I just smack
the fuck out of him.
Like. I really smack
and then I flip him over
and I fuck him
as hard as I fucking could.
And... [scoffs] like. man.
this guy was barely conscious.
He was so fucked up.
[music continues]
But he was still moaning.
And in that moment.
everything fucking changed.
Like... I stopped thinking.
I stopped believing
in every wall
that society puts up.
Like. everything's fake.
You know? That. that. that.
that's how I felt afterwards.
Like. everything's
just fuckin' fake.
because this guy.
he wanted to feel the most
pain and embarrassment
that he could.
Like. there are thousands
of people out there
who watch my videos.
who just want me
to sneak in their house
at night and fuck them up.
[Aaron scoffs]
I had to chase
that fucking feeling.
It's the most I can understand
why I'm fuckin' here. [scoffs]
I. I. I feel good.
Shit. I feel fucking great.
And everything before that night
made me feel like
a piece of fucking shit.
[sucks lip] But that night...
...that night made me feel
like I'm supposed to rape
these fuckin' faggots.
because that's what
I'm fucking good at.
Are you religious at all?
I never was. but. shit. man...
[snickers] I get it now.
Why do you say that?
The art of domination
is spiritual or some shit.
Like. forget for a second
that you're God
to these fuckin' faggots.
but it's like... you're
in charge of this faggot's soul
and his mind.
There... What's that.
what's that word in. in church?
It's like both people.
um... [tuts] they--
-Transcend.
[chuckles] That's it.
Like. both people
just fucking transcend.
Like. your faggot
gives up control of his body.
his safety and his mind.
He feels powerful
in being so fucking small.
It's like...
Doesn't that kind of sound
like fucking religion?
-[snickers]
-[Hank scoffs]
I mean. sure. I guess.
It does to me.
You like that word
a lot. "faggot."
I like that word because...
[inhales sharply] it means
exactly what it means.
You're a faggot.
you like being a faggot.
and it gets you off
to think that you're a faggot.
-I'm not a faggot.
-Yeah? [scoffs]
You're paying me
all this money to look at me...
[inhales] without my shirt on.
That's what a faggot does.
You want to see me
talk some fucking shit
in my underwear.
and I wanna be the fucking boss.
-I am the fuckin' boss.
-That's not why I'm here.
-[scoffs]
-I don't wanna be your sub
or... whatever it's called.
Then why do you watch my videos?
I watch them...
...to see you and know you.
I don't believe that
for a fucking second.
Is that what you think this is?
You pay me
all this fucking money
because you're
so fucking lonely?
Want a friend? That is
the most pathetic fucking shit
I have ever fucking heard.
See. I figured you out. right?
You wanna start recording? Yeah?
Is that what you want? [scoffs]
Look. I'm gonna leave.
and you're still gonna be
a lonely old fuck.
You wanna see me tell
my little story on camera
so you can fucking know me?
-What the fuck?
-Okay. I shouldn't have
done this.
-Damn right.
-I. I wanna tell you
something. Aaron.
You're a wonderful person
outside of all of this.
You don't know the first
fucking thing about me.
-All right? Just go fuck off!
-I do know you.
-Aaron.
-Bullshit! All right?
I hope you got
-whatever the fuck you wanted!
-Wait. Aaron.
-Fuck off.
-I do know you.
Yeah?
What's my real fucking name?
You keep calling me Aaron.
but if you know me.
you'd know my real fucking name!
-That's what I thought.
-It's Alex.
You're Alex McConnell.
Ta... [breathes heavily]
take off your fuckin' mask.
-Take off your fuckin' mask!
-No! No!
[Alex breathes heavily]
Um...
[voice breaking] Mr. Grant.
-[breathes heavily]
-Hi. Alex.
What. what the fuck
are you doing here?
-I came to see you.
-Why?
I've been watching
your videos for a while.
and I. I. I had to see you.
You were fired
while I was in high school.
[sighs]
That's right.
Hey. you fucked
one of your students.
That's not true.
The technical term
is "attempted assault."
because I didn't. I let him go.
-Wasn't he. like. 12?
-Alex.
Call me Aaron.
[sighs] Aaron.
I know. I know this.
[sighs]
What do you want with me?
I-- Exactly what I said.
I wanna know you
for who you are now.
-You remember me. then?
-[sighs]
Of course.
[sighs] Of course
I remember you.
We. um-- I had.
I had detention with you.
It was just us most of the time.
I mean. you were
in detention a lot.
Were you attracted to me?
Yes.
I was.
Why didn't you try to fuck me?
I hadn't tried that.
-And now you do?
-I don't want
to have sex with you.
I thought I would want to.
I want...
...to want to.
But more than anything.
I wanna see you.
I wanna know...
...if I still love you.
[ambient music]
[breathes heavily]
Um...
Where's the bathroom?
Down the hall. in the bedroom.
-[camera clicks]
-[static buzzing]
[suspenseful music]
[inaudible dialogue]
[camera clicks]
-[static crackles]
-[music stops]
[breathing shakily]
[vape crackles]
[knock on door]
[Hank. muffled]
Aaron?
[breathing shakily]
[knock on door]
-I'll pay you another $5.000.
-[breathes shakily]
Please.
[exhales]
[exhales softly]
[door opens]
I haven't seen anyone
from Bedford since I was 17.
-Must be a shock.
-[scoffs] Fuckin' right.
I haven't even thought
about anyone there.
I keep that shit out.
[laughs]
What. why are you laughing?
'Cause I've thought
about you every day.
So. what.
everybody at home knows
you're a kid fucker
and doesn't want to touch you?
-Well--
-Sorry. "Attempted kid fucker."
Is that right?
-There's probably a more
eloquent way of saying it...
-[snickers]
...but. yeah. I guess so.
And. what. you just moved to LA?
No. I didn't move here.
I'm just here for the night.
You don't still live in Bedford?
I do. actually.
in the house I grew up in.
What the fuck
do you even do there?
I've been bagging
at the Shop 'n Save
out on Hammond Road.
[laughs]
You're a fuckin' psycho. man.
-Right.
-Obviously.
Why didn't you tell me
who you were?
Because I thought you wouldn't
talk to me or be open with me.
-Yeah. maybe.
-There was so much talk
about what happened.
and I wasn't sure
of everything you'd heard. so...
Kids talk. man.
I heard fucking everything.
I heard it was
in the school bathroom.
And that you pulled him
out of lunch
to help you grade some tests.
but you took him
to the bathroom instead.
Did you love him?
Like you say you loved me.
did you love him too?
[clears throat]
You don't wanna hear about this.
I told you everything.
It's your turn.
No. I didn't love him.
Then why do it?
This one had
a particular hold on me.
Why him?
He did this thing with his eyes.
He smiled at me sometimes.
and he'd look at me
and then he'd look away
for a second and then
look back at me.
You know how dogs do that.
where they look at you
and it's almost like
they're uncomfortable
or it's awkward and they--
and then they look away?
He did that.
He was innocent.
like a dog is obedient.
He was very bright.
He was a lot like you.
So. then. what?
You take him to the bathroom
and. and you touch him?
-Just a little.
-Did he try to get away?
He was confused at first.
and then he became upset.
crying and stuff like that.
-And then what?
-I let him go.
It was wrong.
I knew it was wrong.
I've always known it was wrong.
I have principles. I do.
Did he say anything?
Did he scream or did he hit you?
[inhales deeply]
I don't remember.
[Alex scoffs]
[beer gurgles]
[gulps] You're a sick man.
-[scoffs]
-How can you be
so cavalier about this?
How can you listen
to that and smile?
I need another beer.
[vape crackles]
[bottles clink]
[exhales]
[cap hisses]
Aren't you gonna have one?
I don't drink.
But this is a special occasion.
Mr. Grant.
Feels like
you should have a drink
with the love of your life.
All right.
It's really that easy?
You're just gonna abandon your.
you know... [sighs] principles?
[bottle cap clatters]
For you. yes.
[exhales]
[clicks]
It's nice and clean in here.
It was like this
when I got here.
Should we dirty
this place up a little bit?
-What do you mean?
-[breathes deeply]
You said you wanted
to fuck me. right?
And. shit. I think
I have to fuck you now.
You're down. like.
25 fuckin' grand.
-And it kind of turned me on
to see you drink 'cause of me.
-[snickers]
I don't know.
You said you wanted
to fuck me. right?
-I said I wanted
to want to fuck you.
-[exhales]
I don't get the difference.
I've imagined our being together
all these years.
and I. I want nothing else
than to feel that desire again.
My dick doesn't have
any feelings or thoughts...
[exhales]
or attitudes about sex.
I might. but this is
a dick you've thought about.
and it doesn't.
It's just a little bigger
and hairier.
[ambient music]
[Hank breathing heavily]
[Alex moans]
[chuckles. moans]
[moaning]
-[Hank breathing heavily.
moaning]
-[moaning]
[both moaning]
[splutters. exhales]
Why. why'd you stop?
[Hank breathes heavily]
Maybe I'll try again
a little later. [pants]
[pants]
[sighs]
Why are you in love with me?
[exhales]
I should confess.
it was a long thing.
Oh. really?
What was it about me?
I could tell you were lonely.
All of my students
had their clique or whatever
you'd call it. but you didn't.
When I had lunch duty.
I would see you sitting
either by yourself or removed
from other students.
And I know lonely.
I've been lonely too.
So. were you attracted to me
or did you just notice me?
Well. the attraction came.
I remember
you always wore gym shorts.
So. I would look at your legs.
They were so smooth.
I guess I noticed you first.
I found myself looking for you
in the hallway between periods.
It was like any love. really.
From what I gather.
I was attracted to more
than your physicality. though.
I was both enamored with
and turned on by your...
...quiet. brooding...
...soft...
...youthfulness.
Actually. you made
my life quite difficult.
-or my job. rather.
-How?
[chuckles] I. I had a heck
of a time teaching.
[laughing] You made me
so nervous.
Oh. God. I worried that
any wrong turn or jumbled idea
or crack in the facade
and you'd turn against me.
you'd. you'd see
right through me
and discover me.
Every class was an act
of self-flagellation.
Standing in front of you.
hoping I had something
insightful to say
was humiliating.
-Funny.
-What. what's funny about that?
I wasn't thinking
about anything at all.
You liked The Handmaid's Tale.
You know. Atwood.
she. she has that quote.
I taught it in class.
I don't know if you remember.
"I would like to be the air
that inhabits you
for a moment only.
I would like to be
that unnoticed and necessary."
How often do you think
about raping me?
That's what it is.
I'm sorry
-if it hurts you
to hear any of this.
-It doesn't.
I don't care about
who I was in Bedford.
That boy you loved isn't...
...isn't me.
I don't think that's true.
I still see him...
...in your eyes...
...your legs...
...your skin...
...your mind.
Lots of ways.
You might not
wanna believe it...
...but...
...I think it's nice.
What now?
You don't wanna fuck me.
you don't wanna do anything
with me. so...
-[clears throat]
-You were a good kid.
You were a nice. good kid.
Oh. fuck this.
I need a cigarette. All right?
[dog barking in distance]
[exhales]
-Are you okay?
-I'm fine.
What are you thinking?
I don't know. Nothing.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
I need my pipe. my weed. Mm.
-Did you bring some?
-It's in the bag that I brought.
Can you get it?
Sure.
Hey. grab another beer
while you're at it.
[exhales]
[bottles clink]
[inhales. exhales]
[sniffles]
[chuckles]
That beer's for you. big dog.
-You want me to drink another?
-Hell yeah. I want you
to chug it.
Oh. [laughs]
-I don't think I can do it.
-Come on. do it.
[sighs]
-[chuckles]
-[gulping]
[lighter strikes]
[coughs] Yeah.
[chuckles]
[coughs. inhales]
-Hell yeah. Put her there.
-[laughing]
-Fuck. That's it. man.
I just popped a boner.
-[laughing]
-[chuckles]
-[burps. laughs] Oh. Excuse me.
-[laughs] Show off.
-[lighter strikes]
-[laughs]
[sighs] You smoke a lot of pot?
"Pot." [exhales] That's funny.
Yeah.
Gets my. uh.
gets my brain right.
Gets me right up here. you know?
What happens without it?
I don't know.
Guess it's like everything else
that gets me fucked up.
If I didn't have it.
I'd probably go crazy
-thinking about all the shit
I've done in my life.
-Mm.
You know. for a while.
I was doing the shit
that killed my dad.
-but. you know. then I stopped.
-[lighter strikes]
Why did you stop?
I don't know. friends didn't
fuck with it. [exhales]
The same friends who...
Yeah.
-You listen.
-[lighter strikes]
[chuckles]
I listen a lot.
[pipe crackles]
Why don't you drink?
I stopped when I started
going back to church.
I knew it. I knew that had
something to do with it.
It was hard to stop too.
[inhales sharply]
Uh. why even join
that shit. man? Like.
why put yourself through it?
Well. we went to church
when I was a kid.
and. and. and it felt right.
you know. to...
...go back. 'cause I felt
very little control
after everything that happened.
and then I was drinking a lot.
and... [breathes deeply]
I just couldn't not think
about what went on.
I needed a. a big thing
to happen.
[inhales deeply]
Something had to be different.
[lighter strikes]
My priest knows I'm here.
-[chokes] No fuckin' way.
-[laughing]
-What? [coughs]
-He didn't accept it.
but I told him I...
...was gonna be away
for today's service.
I explained you
and everything I was doing.
It helps me to have faith
in my purpose and. and feel like
there's something
to govern my body.
Still. I can't help
but think that...
-[lighter strikes]
-...something's wrong.
I wonder a lot if there
is purity in perversion...
...if it. if it makes me
enlightened in some way.
It's. it's. it's kind of like
what you were saying before
about your...
-Faggots.
-Mm. yeah. yeah. Those.
I'm tempted to think
of my perversity as spiritual.
because I can't comprehend
any other reason
why God would have created me
this way.
Isn't there
something religious or...
...spiritual about loneliness?
-[lighter strikes]
-I feel closest to God
in moments of darkness
and. and isolation.
And that's all perversity is.
it's just loneliness.
I get that you're religious
and that you think
your being a perv
make you special.
but it might just make you evil.
[Hank clicks tongue]
Guess that's...
...somewhat accurate.
Look. man. I'm high as fuck.
and I want to fuck.
So what's it gonna take?
-Really?
-Really.
What's it gonna take?
[gentle song]
[static buzzing]
[inaudible dialogue]
-[Hank] Hold still.
-Man. I can't believe
I'm letting you do this.
-Why?
-My faggots love my hair.
[Hank laughs]
Oh.
[Hank]
Mm.
Mm. [laughing] Stop moving!
-Are you gonna do my ass too?
-Oh. yeah.
[Alex]
You really like 'em bald. huh?
You know. a lot of gay guys
are turned on by the smell
of a hairy dick.
Mm. that may be true.
Still...
...I'm not.
[Alex]
Does this turn you on. then?
Oh. yeah.
[song continues]
It might be a good idea
if you wanted to role play.
You know. I know you're usually
the dominant one. but...
Chug another beer.
and I'll think about it.
[breathes shakily]
[Alex clears throat]
[Alex exhales]
Ice cold in here.
Can we turn on the heat?
[Hank]
Oh.
It might...
...help me if you were
a little. little uncomfortable.
Oh. Uh...
[groans] I don't know
why I'm nervous. Shit.
Ah. that's good. Yes.
That'll. that'll help too.
In order for this to work.
you have to do what I say.
Can you do that?
-Sure.
-I know you're not used
-to being in that position.
-No. I can do it.
Come here.
[Alex breathes deeply]
[breathes heavily]
Get down on your knees.
That's it.
-Mm.
-What the fuck?
-[laughing]
-[grunts] Fuck. man!
-[Alex pants]
-Yes.
[bottle thuds]
Now...
...I want you to listen to me.
Have you ever seen
another boy's penis before?
-[laughing]
-What? Okay. All right.
It-- This is fucking ridiculous.
I. I never did this before.
Me neither. Can you please try?
Oh. yeah. I like the wide eyes.
[breathes deeply]
Have you ever seen
another boy's penis before?
I'm gonna show you mine.
[removing pants]
Now. you can't tell anybody
I did this.
'cause we could both get
in a lot of trouble.
Kiss it.
-[moans]
-[Alex kisses]
[softly] Open your mouth.
[Hank exhales]
[softly]
Oh. You're so beautiful.
So beautiful.
Give me a smile.
-[chuckles]
-Yeah. good job.
Good job.
[moans]
[Alex sucking. moans]
-Good job.
-[sucks]
-Oh. good job.
-[sucking]
-[Alex] Mm.
-Oh.
Good job.
Oh. [moans] Look what you did.
-[Alex] Mm.
-[panting]
You really made me hard.
Oh. God. [moaning]
Just stand up for me.
I wanna show you
how good that feels.
[Hank breathing heavily]
[Hank moaning]
I love you. Alex.
So much.
[Hank grunting. sucking]
-Please get off.
-[continues moaning]
Stop. Mr. Grant.
I don't. I don't wanna
do this anymore.
[Hank breathing heavily]
[voice breaking]
Please. Please stop.
Please stop. Please.
please. please. Please--
[thudding]
-[thudding]
-[Hank grunting. panting]
I couldn't help myself.
But that's no excuse.
You know that feeling
right before you finish.
when nothing else matters?
I know you know
what I'm talking about
'cause you said it yourself.
You're a pervert too.
But. uh. I'm sorry.
It's fine. man.
You think I like doing that?
I don't.
Uh. I. I hate
to be so vulgar. but.
ejaculating is a primal urge.
[Hank sighs]
As. as much
as I wanted to stop--
-[grunts]
-[yelps. yells]
Can you stop
your fucking teacher talk?
Oh. God. [breathing heavily]
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-I don't wanna hear shit!
-[groans]
-All right? Don't say.
"I'm sorry."
Don't say. "I'm embarrassed."
anything!
-I don't wanna fucking hear it!
-[exhales]
You're a fucking pervert!
And yeah. maybe
I'm a pervert too.
but at least
I'm not fucking you!
At least
I'm not criminally horny.
[exhales] You're right.
You think I haven't
done shit like that?
[scoffs] That's nothing.
I'm not gonna
fall asleep tonight
thinking about that.
I'm gonna be thinking about
how my fucking English teacher
came to visit me.
It's a footnote.
I won't remember it. really.
[scoffs]
You taught me
what a footnote was. [scoffs]
Just wait till you're older.
You'll remember all of it.
You said...
...your first
sexual experience was...
...uncomfortable.
Yeah. I. uh... [scoffs]
You can tell me.
It was my aunt.
After my dad died.
she moved in with us.
That's when it first happened.
-How old were you?
-Why? You gonna jerk off to it?
No. I'm not.
I just thought. I don't know.
maybe you'd wanna talk about it.
I don't know.
I'm sorry anyhow.
Sorry that happened to you.
Yeah.
Aaron. would you sing that song
you did for me that one time?
-The one you sang
at the talent show--
-No. I'm not doing that.
-Come on. Please?
-[sighs] No. man.
There's another thousand
in it for you.
That's all I've got. really.
Look. I don't remember
the fucking song.
I don't. I don't remember
how to fucking sing.
Singing's like riding a bike.
It's muscle memory.
You don't forget that.
Look. I'm sorry.
but I fucking told you.
I'm not the fucking same.
-Yes. you are.
-No. I'm not.
[sighs] You were so good.
I still can't believe
Robbie Hanscom beat you.
He and that stupid puppet.
-I'm a better ventriloquist
than that kid.
-[laughing]
It's the biggest shame
in Bedford Middle School
history.
Yeah. next to you.
-[sighs. laughs]
-What was so funny?
In detention. it was just
the two of us. and you said...
..."I wanna sing
in the talent show.
but I'm nervous."
And you started singing.
and your voice is shaky.
And I thought. "Oh. man.
nobody's gonna hear him sing.
He-- 'Cause he won't do it.
He won't be able to do it.
They're not gonna hear
his voice."
And you were singing
that wonderful song.
And after the second verse.
something happened.
Something happened.
and you found that voice.
I. I...
...I just remember watching you
and thinking. "He did it!
How brave!"
Almost like an angel.
I think I promised you a pizza.
Are you hungry?
These places in LA
deliver so late.
Yeah.
I've never been to LA before.
It's the Mecca of perverts.
You'd love it.
I wish you'd stop
calling me that. [chuckles]
Why? It's the truth. right?
Why can't it be something
you don't put a word to?
-Or you could say "pederast."
-What the fuck is that?
You know. Ancient Rome.
where an older man
had a loving relationship
with a boy?
Sex and stuff?
Well. yeah. among other.
less salacious things.
You know. ancient Roman armies
were infallible and respected.
and pederasty was often
a kind of initiation
into those. those armies.
I mean. into the whole culture.
as a matter of fact.
I think it just kind of makes me
feel better to think that I
could have been a Roman warrior
marching into battle
with his lover...
...and be celebrated.
[cutlery clinking]
What?
Come on. man.
Oh. what. what do you mean?
-No. never mind.
-No. no. no. no.
What do you mean?
It's just... [sighs]
you're eating pizza
with a fucking fork.
You're not
a fucking gladiator. dude.
-No offense.
-No. I get it.
We who are about
to die. salute you.
-[chuckles]
-[laughing]
-That's much better.
-[both laugh]
-You know. we should do
something fun. Hank.
-Like what?
I don't know.
just try and lighten the mood.
-What do you like to do for fun?
-Um. nothing. really.
Um. I don't.
I don't go out much.
Can you not be
a complete dipshit
for two fucking seconds?
Well. there is something
I like to do.
Yeah? What's that?
-[vape crackling]
-[Hank] All right.
give me an adjective.
"Happy."
Okay. And now an adverb.
Um...
"Softly."
Okay. now...
-"Cock."
-[tuts] All right.
Another adjective.
-Hank.
-Yeah?
Do you ever think
about. like. "why?"
Why what?
Why you were born
the way you are?
Gosh. I don't know.
-When did you know?
-Jeez. Aaron. uh.
just give me another adjective.
[inhales deeply] "Sad."
[inhales]
Okay. Another adjective.
[writing]
"Disturbed."
I see what you're doing.
What are you getting at?
There must have been a time
when you. like. realized.
I guess it was when
I jerked off to the same
middle school crushes.
until now.
I guess I still do that.
So you grew up with--
The people you're attracted to
stayed the same age.
but in your head?
I guess that's right.
Can we keep going?
-What was that kid's name?
-What kid?
-The kid you tried to fuck.
Come on. I really wanna know.
-[sighs]
-You went to jail. I guess.
-Of course I did.
Of course I went to jail.
I got off with seven years.
It wasn't statutory rape anyway.
-What was his name?
-Aaron--
Come on. what was
that kid's fucking name?
His name was James.
James Scott.
Man. his older brother
was in my grade. right?
Man. I can't
fucking believe that.
Only kid I ever knew
named James.
and that fucking kid.
he was a fag in training
since. like...
[chuckles] age five.
What is your problem?
-It's just a joke. man.
-It's not something
to joke about.
It's not. it's not something
to laugh about.
Damn. dude. I'm sorry.
It's just a joke.
Don't you feel sorry for him?
Don't you feel sorry
for yourself?
James left school.
and then he came back.
and he was never the same.
The school obviously didn't
wanna out him as the victim.
but the kids knew.
They always find out.
I bet he has friends
who don't talk to him now.
I. I bet they stopped
talking to him then.
I bet James felt really alone.
He's out of high school now.
Never went to college.
I see him
at the Shop 'N Save sometimes.
Have respect. Please.
People just don't
become pedophiles.
You must have always been one.
[chuckles] I don't know.
I don't know.
Were you fucked as a kid?
-Aaron.
-Tell me.
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
[Hank clears throat]
My grandfather before me
had my same name.
His name was Hank too.
And I don't know
if you ever knew this.
but I have
an older brother and sister...
...and their names
are Jason and Shirley.
[clicks tongue]
But when it came to me.
for whatever...
[sighs] fucking reason.
my parents went back to basics
and decided to recycle the name.
and so I'm Hank.
And when Grandpa Hank came over.
my parents would take Jason
and Shirley to Phillips Lake.
But I had to stay
with Grandpa Hank.
Because I was
his special grandson.
My mother said...
[clicks tongue]
..."You're Little Hank.
and he just wants to spend time
with you." So. they left.
But not before my mother
gave me a really good bath.
I think everything that was
going to happen to me
was decided
when the nurse wrote down "Hank"
on the birth certificate.
Why didn't your mom do anything?
I wondered that for a long time.
And then. uh. one time I talked
to her about it. I said...
..."You knew."
And you know
what that woman said to me?
She said. "We gave him you
because it was better
than all three of you."
She's a cunt. Hank.
It was her father.
Imagine her childhood.
She may have been a bad person.
but she didn't know
to be better.
And. you know.
my mother wasn't a pervert.
she wasn't a pederast.
She didn't fall in love
with a little boy.
Maybe you weren't born
this way. then.
Doesn't matter.
And. Aaron.
I think you could
maybe understand
the worthlessness I felt.
I didn't know anything
could exist outside of that
for so long.
I haven't had sex
for a long. long time.
And after tonight. I know
I'll never have sex again.
-I'm sorry.
-No.
-I'm really sorry--
-Nope.
It is not anything
to feel sorry for.
It's a good feeling. really.
It's a prideful feeling.
And I don't understand
who you are now.
because I can't understand
what you do
in front
of the camera for anything.
You think your sex empowers you.
It makes you weak.
That's what it does
for everyone.
It's a horrible.
horrible Achilles heel.
to feel anything for sex.
I am so. so tormented
by the thought
that my perversion
doesn't make me closer to God.
Maybe it doesn't make me evil.
but maybe it makes me nothing.
The thing that occupies my mind.
my consciousness.
my whole being...
...doesn't have any worth
at all.
I lied.
What?
What are you talking about?
I wasn't molested or anything.
-I don't know my aunt.
-Why are you saying that?
-Jesus. fuck. dude.
-Why would you lie
-about that?
-Because I have don't have
a fucking reason.
My dad was a good person.
My mom is a good person.
I've been loved every moment
of my goddamn life.
But I. I. I know it. man.
I was born the way I am.
I. I have that. that peace.
Like. I'm a massive fuckface.
Hank. who's been left
by the people I loved.
the person that I loved.
But in my heart. I know that
that shit is not my fault.
because if I could have
helped it. I would have.
"Diablo"?
Yeah. "Diablo."
Who called you that?
Raph. Raphael.
Who's that?
My everything.
-Where is he?
-Mm. fuck if I know. [scoffs]
Probably in a K-hole
with a bunch of twinks in WeHo.
-Do you wish you were there too?
-I wish I was. [chuckles]
I really wish I was.
-How long were you together?
-Three years.
Uh. I met him my first week here
at a fucking warehouse party
in downtown. [chuckles]
Wow.
But he found me out.
He really fucking did.
He discovered
what I was afraid I always was.
Just loving him...
...the only way I knew how.
just taught me that to my core.
I am a lazy. fucking.
selfish. rotted person
that just never cares enough.
When we broke up. he said...
[sniffles] he said those were
the best and the worst
three years of his life.
[chuckles]
But you miss him. don't you?
My sex means something to me.
It's not worthless.
It's how I am.
You know. I can show my faggots
who I am.
and they fucking love me.
But you're lonely. Aaron.
Yes. you're--
Don't pretend you're not.
You are lonely.
Just thinking and talking
about Raph is my favorite thing
in the world.
[breathes deeply]
Just watching a movie with him.
That's the thing
I loved the most...
...was having...
Aaron...
...I wanna give you something.
Really.
Will you come with me?
-[static buzzing]
-[ambient music]
[crackles]
[vape crackling]
[exhales] I could always feel
his breath.
[music continues]
He would go down on me.
[sucking]
He would go slower.
[Alex moans]
[exhales]
[breathes heavily]
Yeah.
He would always
go down on me from behind.
[music continues]
[gasps]
[moaning]
Thank you. Thank you.
[breathing heavily]
[Hank]
Of course. Aaron.
Call me Alex. please.
[breathing heavily]
[Hank]
Yeah.
[Alex moans]
Put it in me. Raph. Please.
[pants] Please.
Please. please. please.
Please put it in me. Please.
Please.
[breathing heavily]
-[Hank grunting] Okay.
-[breathing heavily]
[Hank]
Give me a minute.
[Alex moaning]
Please. please put it in.
-[Hank] Oh. God.
I'm trying. I'm trying.
-[muffled] Please.
[Hank]
Sorry.
I can't.
[Alex moans]
-[moans]
-[pants]
I'm sorry... Alex.
[Hank breathing heavily]
Alex.
[sighs] Aaron.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
[scoffs] I don't know
what I was expecting.
[Hank breathing heavily]
[inhales]
[Hank]
Is this okay?
-Yeah.
-[Hank breathing heavily]
-[inhaling]
-[vape crackles]
[Hank sighs]
[Alex breathing heavily]
[light flapping]
[gasping]
You look so innocent.
I know you're not.
But you really look it.
You really do.
[Hank exhales]
[Hank]
He got away from me.
-What?
-James.
I was gonna do it.
But he got away from me.
You didn't let him go?
-[vape crackling]
-[suspenseful music]
-[birds chirping]
-[distant chatter]
[exhales]
[music fades]
[traffic noise]
[door closes]
I made some coffee.
Do you want some?
-There's no sugar--
-I don't like coffee.
but thanks.
-[sighs]
-Why. why are you smiling?
-I have a hangover. [laughs]
-[bus door hisses]
I haven't had one in years.
[exhales]
Uh. I gotta get going
in a few minutes.
-You're not staying?
-No. no. I can't.
I only got permission
to be here for a couple of days.
Gotta return the car.
Yeah.
Was this a bad idea. Aaron?
Do you still love me?
Why the camera?
The videos. all that shit?
My priest said something
to me once that I didn't forget.
and I instantly thought of you.
He said. "When you leave.
all you take is your memories."
And I thought...
..."I wanna take
mine of you with me."
[clicks tongue]
I think I have everything
I managed to pack.
I wanna get back
for Sunday service.
I can't miss that.
-Going back to Bedford?
-Ha-ha.
Where else would I go?
What are you gonna do there?
I'm not sure.
Probably just keep working
at the Shop 'N Save.
Do you need help packing?
No. no. I just finished inside.
I guess
you should get going. then.
Yeah. I guess I should.
Before I forget.
I have one more thing
I wanna give you.
-Is it more money?
-[chuckling] No. no.
it's not more money.
[chuckles]
It's just a little thing.
-Where did you get this?
-You gave it to me.
Wait. what's the other one?
Just me.
I left the envelope
in the bedroom
with the full amount.
I have the place till 7:00.
so you can hang out a while.
if you want to. do whatever
it is you wanna do.
[door opens]
-[car door opens]
-[door chiming]
[car door closes]
[car engine whirring]
[car drives away]
[ambient music]
[vape crackling]
[light creaking]
[bird chirping in distance]
[water gushing]
[humming softly]
♪ When love is young ♪
♪ As fresh as dew ♪
[singing indistinctly]
[humming]
-[continues singing]
♪ When love is young ♪
-[water running]
♪ As fresh as dew ♪
♪ A song is sung ♪
♪ So warm and new ♪
♪ It winds its way ♪
♪ Bursts into blue ♪
♪ An April day ♪
♪ Turned into June ♪
♪ Plays on my mind ♪
[sound of water fades]